fix(fish): count job groups; docs: move Fish note under Jobs → Examples (#6899)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

symbol_threshold = 0
```

> #### Fish shell behavior
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > **Fish shell behavior:** In the Fish shell, Starship counts **job groups** by default instead of individual process IDs. This prevents overcounting when a pipeline has multiple processes but only one suspended group. To revert to the legacy PID-based counting, run:
> >
> > ```fish
> > set -g __starship_fish_use_job_groups "false"
> > ```
> >
> > This setting affects only Fish shell behavior and has no effect on other shells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Changing process grouping behavior in fish

When using the Fish shell, Starship counts **job groups** instead of individual process IDs by default. This prevents overcounting when a pipeline has multiple processes but only one suspended group. To revert to the legacy PID-based counting, please add the following to your shell config:

 ```fish
set -g __starship_fish_use_job_groups "false"
 ```
